how much is a Minecraft emerald worth
emeralds for those who don't know at the
primary currency of Minecraft beloved
inhabitants the villages they use
emeralds to trade with the player but
how much are they actually worth in real
currency first of all we need to
establish two things one how big are the
emeralds to how pure we'll start with a
second minecraft emeralds are as reddit
user cursor noted opaque mean that they
are not very pure meaning that they will
only sell for around a thousand dollars
per carat this figure was just an
estimate however as we have no other way
of comparing them to other real world
animals one carat is defined to be a
mass equal to 200 milligrams so one
kilogram of emerald is 5000 carrots and
since one carries is $5,000 one kilogram
is worth five million dollars now we
need to work at how big my craft
emeralds are fortunately minecraft
provides us with a very nice crafting
recipe nine emeralds equals 1 meter
cubed of solid emerald the density of
emerald is two point seven eight grams
per centimeter cubes which is 2700 80
kilograms per meters cubed giving us a
value of 13 point nine billion dollars
per block dividing this by nine gives us
the price of each individual levels
which is 1.5 billion dollars the average
salary of a citizen from the UK which by
the way is where I'm Thomas you didn't
realize is twenty six thousand five
hundred pounds which is forty five
thousand four hundred and fifty dollars
meaning to the average American it would
take just over thirty three thousand
years of full-time work just to be able
to buy a single minecraft down so what
does this mean for our villagers well
we're all incredibly rich and they don't
even know it and if they were to live in
the real world they would never have to
work a single day for a single emerald
would give them more money than you
alone in your entire lifetime unless of
course you become so multi millionaire
however statistics say you won't sorry
about that
you